docs: Add troubleshooting guide on new S3 checksums (#684)
stackabletech/airflow-operator: docs/modules/airflow/pages/troubleshooting/index.adoc

= Troubleshooting

== S3 Logging: An error occurred (411) when calling the PutObject operation: Length Required

If Airflow is trying to access S3 (e.g. for remote task logging) and throws the following error

[source,text]
----
{s3_task_handler.py:190} ERROR - Could not write logs to s3://***/***-task-logs/dag_id=test/run_id=manual__2025-05-22T08:14:17.917519+00:00/task_id=extract/attempt=1.log
Traceback (most recent call last):
[..]
botocore.exceptions.ClientError: An error occurred (411) when calling the PutObject operation: Length Required
----

> Your S3 store doesn't support the new AWS S3 checksums.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then this is an indication that your S3 store doesn't support the new AWS S3 checksums.
```

> Ideally you upgrade your S3 store to a more recent version that support the new checksums (if there is any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally you should upgrade your S3 store to a more recent version that supports the new checksums (if there is any).
```
